Let's take a tour of a Lavaca project folder.

# Build: /build
This folder is automatically created when you run the build process. The folder contains ready to run/deploy Android, iOS, and web projects. Each contains the processed web code based on your source code located in `/src/www`.

Because this folder is automatically generated, you should set its contents to be ignored by version control.

### Deployable Android Project: /build/platforms/android
This folder contains the Android project that is ready to run on an Android device. As part of the build process, this folder will be automatically populated with your processed web code. 

### Deployable iOS Project: /build/platforms/ios
This folder contains the Xcode project (App.xcodeproj) that is ready to run on an iOS device. As part of the build process, this folder will be automatically populated with your processed web code. 

### Deployable Web Code: /build/www
This folder contains the web content of your project that is ready to be deployed to a web server. As part of the build process, this folder will be automatically populated with your processed web code. 

---

# Documentation: /doc
This folder is automatically created when you run the build process and opt to generate documentation. The docs folder contains HTML files generated by [YUIDoc](http://yui.github.io/yuidoc/) that document the JavaScript code in the project.

Because this folder is automatically generated, you should set its contents to be ignored by version control.

---

# Build Script Libraries: /libs
This folder contains libraries that are used by the build script. Currently included are:

* [YUIDoc](http://yui.github.io/yuidoc/) templates

You generally don't need to modify the contents of this folder, and only files and libraries used in your project's build script should be placed here. For more info on each of the libraries, see [Third-Party Libraries](Third-Party-Libraries).

---

# Source Code: /src
The src folder is where you'll be doing most of your work. This folder contains the HTML, CSS, JavaScript, media, data assets, and initial iOS and Android projects that come together to form your final app.

### Assets: /src/www/assets
The assets folder should contain all image, fonts, and media files for your project. By default, this folder contains the example app's image assets. This includes the example icon and splash screen images at various pixel sizes (a list of corresponding devices and sizes is not included).  These image files should be replaced or removed as desired.

### JavaScript Settings: /src/www/configs
The configs folder contains JSON settings files that are used by `lavaca/util/Config`. You should typically store values like API URLs in these configuration files. You can have multiple configuration files, each one for a different environment. (For example, one configuration file for your local environment, one for the QA server, and one for the production server.)

See [Client-side Settings and Configuration](Client-side-Settings-and-Configuration) for more information on using JavaScript config files.

### CSS: /src/www/css
The css folder should contain all [LESS](http://lesscss.org/) files. Your [LESS](http://lesscss.org/) files should be grouped into folders according to package.

See [Packaging JavaScript and CSS](Packaging-JavaScript-and-CSS) for more information on CSS packages.

#### /src/www/css/app
This folder should contain all of the [LESS](http://lesscss.org/) files that are specifically written for your app. By default, this folder contains the example [LESS](http://lesscss.org/) code. The example code can be removed completely from the project if you so choose.

`app.less` is used to order and import all of the [LESS](http://lesscss.org/) files needed for your project.  If you add a new LESS file to your project, you will need to also reference it here.

To keep things clean, you should generally have one [LESS](http://lesscss.org/) file for each view type, for each widget type, and for the app itself. See [Views and the View Manager](Views-and-the-View-Manager) and [Understanding and Creating Widgets](Understanding-and-Creating-Widgets) for more info on views and widgets.

#### /src/www/css/libs
This folder should contain all [LESS](http://lesscss.org/) files that are a part of libraries, frameworks, or other third-party resources that you're using.

### JavaScript: /src/www/js
The js folder should contain all JavaScript files. Your JS files should be grouped into folders according to package and global namespace. See [Packaging JavaScript and CSS](Packaging-JavaScript-and-CSS) for more info.

#### /src/www/js/app
This folder should contain all of the JS files that are written specifically for your app. By default, this folder contains the example JS code. This code can be removed completely from the project if you choose, but it's recommended that you base your app's code off of it.

#### /src/www/js/lavaca
This folder contains the Lavaca JS library. By default, the library is included in its entirety, but you may remove parts of it if you're not using them.

#### /src/www/js/libs
This folder contains the JS code for all third party libraries. You should add the unminified versions of any libraries or plugins that you use in your project to this folder.

#### Templates: /src/www/js/templates
This folder contains files used by a JavaScript templating engine to render pages. By default, Lavaca uses the [LinkedIn fork of dust.js](http://linkedin.github.com/dustjs/) along with the [LinkedIn helpers](https://github.com/linkedin/dustjs-helpers) as it's templating library.

For more information on using templates, see [Using Templates to Generate HTML](Using-Templates-to-Generate-HTML).

### Messages and Translations: /src/www/messages
This folder contains JSON files where string messages can be stored and later used in your templates and in JavaScript. Files in this folder should be named according to the locale of the string values they contain. (For example, `en_US.json`, `es_MX.json` or `jp_JP.json`)

For more information on messages and translations, see [Supporting Multiple Languages](Supporting-Multiple-Languages).

---

## iOS Project: /src/platforms/ios
This folder contains a starter project for Cordova (PhoneGap) iOS projects. This is where you make changes to your Xcode project such as code signing, provisioning profiles, plist configurations, and native Cordova plugins. The build process will take this base project, add your processed web code to the `www` folder and place the resulting Xcode project into the `/build/ios` folder. See [Testing in iOS](Testing-in-iOS) for a more complete overview of building a Lavaca-based project for iOS.

#### /src/platforms/ios/www
This folder is a placeholder for the web content of your project. As part of the build process, the `www` folder will be automatically populated with your processed web code.

#### /src/platforms/ios/App/Plugins
This folder will contain any native Objective-C code that you write for the project.

#### /src/platforms/ios/App/Resources
This folder contains additional visual assets, such as the app icon and splash screens.

---

## Android Project: /src/platforms/android
This folder contains a starter project for Cordova (PhoneGap) Android projects. This is where you make changes to your Android project configurations and native Cordova plugins. The build process will take this base project, add your processed web code to the `www` folder and place the resulting Xcode project into the `/build/android` folder. See [Testing in Android](Testing-in-Android) for a more complete overview of building a Lavaca-based project for Android.

#### /src/platforms/android/assets/plugins
This folder will contain any static resources that are used by native Java code.

#### /src/platforms/android/assets/www
This folder is a placeholder for the web content of your project. As part of the build process, the `www` folder will be automatically populated with your processed web code.

#### /src/platforms/android/src
This folder will contain any additional Java code that you write for the project.

---

# Tasks: /tasks
This folder contains Grunt tasks for various operations such as documentation generation, native application packaging, preprocessing source code and running a local server.

These files rarely need to be modified, but certain projects may have additional build processes and those additions can be made here.

---

# Unit Tests: /test
This folder contains components used for unit testing JavaScript code. See [Unit Testing JavaScript](Unit-Testing-JavaScript) for more information.